dts: bindings: i2s: replace underscore with hyphen (#83867)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/releases/migration-guide-4.1.rst

* Renamed the ``compatible`` from ``nxp,imx-lpi2c`` to :dtcompatible:`nxp,lpi2c`.

I2S
===

> * Renamed the device tree property from ``fifo_depth`` to ``fifo-depth``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Renamed the Devicetree property from ``fifo_depth`` to ``fifo-depth``.
```
